pb86v31
-------
                +------------+
                |PhoneBook/86|
                +------------+
                  лллллллллл
                 лллллллллллл
                ллл лллллл ллл
                   лллллллл
                  лллллллллл
                  лллллллллл v3.1
               By Edward Hazell
     
       Copyright (C)1998 iMageX Software
        Email: hazelljr@sunnyisland.com

  Date of first working release (85):  02/04/96
  Date of this version's release (86): 09/27/98


Introduction
============

PhoneBook/86 is a program designed to keep track of your most important phone
numbers.  It is fairly limited so it isn't intended to replace any kind of
pocket electronic organizer, or address book, but it helps by providing you
with the most used numbers.

Things added to this version
============================

This version of PB/86 has been completely redone from scratch.  The way files
are stores differs completely from any previous version.  The size of the
program, in relative terms, is very small compared to version 2.0, and just
slightly larger than version 3.0, but it now stores up to 30 entries.  The
selection menu for entry/deletion screens has been redesigned, making it
faster to select which file 'slot' you want to use for data entry or deletion.
All routines are based in modules, or subapplications, making it easier to
create newer versions and/or fix bugs or problems with the program.

Features
========

-Stores up to 30 names with phone numbers.
-Easy scrolling through records using function keys.
-Record functions through an EDIT menu.  Includes record entry, directory,
 record erase, and search functions.
-Quick Memo feature for storing a 6 lines by 21 characters Memo.

How to use
==========

  PhoneBook/86 was designed to be self explanatory and easy to use and
understand, however, I shall explain and describe each of the functions
included.
                                    

  To select an option press the corresponding function key, F1..F5.

- The View Records option will bring you a screen like that looks like this:

                                +---------------------+
				|    PhoneBook/86     |
				|		      |
                      NAME ---->|John Doe             |
              PHONE NUMBER ---->|(888)555-1234        |
                                |                     |
				|		      |
                                |___iMageX Software___|
                      MENU ---->|<-|<<- | ->>|->|Menu |
                                +---------------------+
                                 F1  F2   F3  F4  F5
                                  |   |    |  |    |
 SCROLL TO PREVIOUS RECORD -------+   |    |  |    +-- GO BACK TO MAIN MENU
      JUMP TO FIRST RECORD -----------+    |  +------- SCROLL TO NEXT RECORD
       JUMP TO LAST RECORD ----------------+

  If you press F4 (Scroll next) you will see the next record file, and if you
press F1 (Scroll previous) you will see the previous record file. Notice that
it works like a loop, jumping back to the first record if you select
next while in the last, and to the last if you select previous from the
first.  If you would like to quickly jump to either the last or the first
record you can do this by pressing either F2 for the first or F3 for the
last.  F5 (Menu) will bring you back to the main menu.

- The Memo option will show you the Memo file you have entered.

  If you Choose Enter from the menu, this will allow you to enter a new memo.
Choosing Erase will allow you to clear the contents of the memo file.  Selct
Menu to go back to the Main Menu.

- The Edit menu is used to manage your record files.

  Entering new data requires for the selected file to be empty, this is done
with the Erase option.  When you select Enter New Record, you will be
presented with the following menu for selecting the desired file to enter data
into:
                +---------------------+
		|Select an empty file:|
		|  01 02 03 04 05 06  |
                |  07 08 09 10 11 12  |
                |  13 14 15 16 17 18  |
                |  19 20 21 22 23 24  |
		|  25 26 27 28 29 30  |
                | > Indicates in use. |
                |Type 0 to exit>      |
                +---------------------+

  Enter the number of the file you wish to enter data into and press enter.
When you select a file it will show a prompt asking for a name and a phone
number for the record to be entered.  Something like this:

Name
>
Phone #
>

  You enter the desired data on each of the prompts.  If you enter 0 at the
file selction prompt, it will exit back to the menu.

  The Record Directory (Dir) option will let you see which files contain data
and which are empty, this by displaying the record file number on the left
side and the name you designated to the record on the right.  If the file is
empty it will display "Empty" on the right side instead of a name.  This is
usefull when going to enter new data to see which files are empty instead of
guessing.

  The Erase option will bring you a menu identical to the one to Enter data.
Enter the number of the file you want to erase andd if it contains data it
will ask you if you are sure.  Obviously selecting 'Yes' will PERMANENTLY
erase the data on the selected file.  Selecting 'No' will bring you back to
the Edit menu.  If there was no data on the file selected it will refresh the
selection screen and bring you back to the prompt to enter a file number.

  The Search option let's you search by name for a specific record.  This
function is case sensitive, so if you enter JOHN to look for John Doe's
record it will not find it, you have to use exact case, in this case 'John'
not JOHN.  You can also just type a single character, or the first few letters
of the name.

  The 'Back' option in the Edit Menu option will exit back to the Main Menu.

- The About menu option will show program information and configuration.

  Selecting the 'Splash' option from the About menu will let you turn on/off
the splash (welcome) screen at program start.

  Selecting the 'Reset' option will allow you to erase all data files at once
including the Memo file.  It will confirm if you are sure about doing so, and
choosing 'Yes' will PERMANENTLY erase all data files, and the Memo file.

- Quit will exit the program.

Tips
====

  If you need to share files with anyone else or if you want to back up your
existing files, simply copy the data files (PBst, PBstm, zPBconf) to the
target calculator, or save them to the computer using the TI-GRAPH Link cable.

Before I go, just a few favors I want to ask:
=============================================

  Please, if you modify this program, notify me of the modifications and
leave my name at least in a little corner on the screen somewhere in the
program.  Also, feel free to send any comments, suggestions, bug reports or
any type of criticism to my email address.

  And last, but not least, please let me know as soon as you get the program
if you liked it and if you plan to use it, because depending on the feedback
I get I will consider future versions.  Also, if anyone is interested on
making a port on ASM, let me know ASAP, that would be a really neat idea and
alot of people have been emailing me about an ASM version of PB, still I'm
not that kind of programmer.

I hope you enjoy using the program as much as I enjoyed programming it!


Copyright Љ1998 iMageX Software
For information please contact: Edward Hazell
                                hazelljr@sunnyisland.com

I recommend for you to visit www.ticalc.org, by far the best site for
information about Texas Instruments graphics calculators!

