Chem.86p:  an assortment of chemistry programs:
                            cirforce--works out centrifical or
centripical force [really more
                                           simple physics]
                            columb--yes I know it's spelled wrong--works
out Coloumb's law
                                          [really more for simple
physics]
                            debrogli--works out De Broglie's equation
                            entropy--works out the Boltzman equation
using the formula
                                          S=k(N)ln DF  The more ususal
formula is S=k(ln W).
                                          You can change the program if
you want to.  This
                                           program is based on W=DF^N
since the number of way
                                           a group of things can be
arranged is offten equal to the
                                           degrees of  freedom raised to
number of things there are.
                                            SOMETIMES YOU WILL NEED THE
FORMULA
                                            S=k(ln W)
                            gas1---works out the combined gas law;
warning-make sure your
                                            units are compatable
                            gas2---works out the ideal gas lawl;
warning-samething
                            gibb---works out the standard
Gibb-Hemholtz[sorry if I spelled that
                                            wrong]
                            gibbEq-works out gibb's equation for when a
reaction or physical
                                            process is at "equilibrium"
                            gibbNSSC--works out the free energy change
in "Non-Standard-
                                            State-Conditions"
                            hberg1----works out Heisengburg's [sorry if
spelled worng]
                                            uncertianty principal for
"delta"X
                            hberg2----dito for "delta"MV
                            plankf---Yes I know it's spelled wrong.
Works out Planck's equation
                                                for the energy of a wave
using it's frequancy "f".
                            plank---samething only it uses "lambda"
instead of "f"
WARNING:  FOR ALL OF THESE CHEMISTRY PROGRAMS, MAKE SURE THAT YOUR UNITS
ARE COMPATABLE-----THE CALCULATOR DOESN'T
KNOW WHETHER YOU MEAN KILLOGRAMS OR GRAMS.